Rule 3.4 Block braces structure (#82)
cqfn/diKTat: info/available-rules.md

|    3 |      3.2 | WRONG_ORDER_IN_CLASS_LIKE_STRUCTURES    | Check: warns if the declaration part of a class-like code structures (class/interface/etc.) is not in the proper order.<br>Fix: restores order according to code style guide.| yes | ClassLikeStructuresOrderRuleWarnTest<br>should check order of declarations in classes - positive example<br>should warn if loggers are not on top                                                          |                         - |                                                                                     - |
|    3 |      3.2 | BLANK_LINE_BETWEEN_PROPERTIES           | Check: warns if properties with comments are not separated by a blank line, properties without comments are<br>Fix: fixes number of blank lines                              | yes | ClassLikeStructuresOrderRuleWarnTest<br>comments and KDocs on properties should be prepended by newline - positive example<br>should warn if comments and KDocs on properties are not prepended by newline |                         - |                                                                                     - |

> |    3 |      3.4 | BRACES_BLOCK_STRUCTURE_ERROR            | Check: warns if non-empty code blocks with braces follow the K&R style (1TBS or OTBS style)                                                                                  | yes | BlockStructureBracesWarnTest check all expression that contains block                                                                                                                                      | openBraceNewline closeBraceNewline |  -   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    3 |      3.4 | BRACES_BLOCK_STRUCTURE_ERROR            | Check: warns if non-empty code blocks with braces don't follow the K&R style (1TBS or OTBS style)                                                                                  | yes | BlockStructureBracesWarnTest check all expressions that contain block                                                                                                                                      | openBraceNewline closeBraceNewline |  -   
```
